---
title: "Welcome to CSX Labs"
authors: ["Adam Blumenfeld"]
date: 2023-06-16
draft: true
tags: ["organization", "meta"]
---
Thank you for joining us on our mission to advance technology for humanity! I look forward to working with you. Here are some things to note when working with us:
* **Follow our mission, vision, and core principles** expressed in our [Business Plan](https://goto.csxlabs.org/plan) and try to use them in your daily decision-making. This leads to allocating time effectively, embracing conflict, and designing ethical and ambitious products.
* **Take frequent breaks**. One of our core principles is that "Health is Wealth." I follow this value by setting a [Podomoro Timer](cuckoo.team), which accounts for a 25-minute work, 5-minute break ratio. This allows me to become more immersed in my work and prevents time traps. Ever find yourself getting sidetracked on a group project? This may be why.
* **Speak up**. Did I make a decision you didn't agree with? Am I about to make a decision you feel doesn't align with our business fundamentals? Am I giving you too much work, or possibly not enough? Let me know. Everyone in the organization should let each other know. To carry out our vision of a respected, well-oiled powerhouse of a research institution, we must have open communication. Worried about hurting someone's feelings? Don't worry, by using our business fundamentals (mission, vision, core principles) and goals (OKRs) as a source of truth, we remove most of the personal aspects of our issues, allowing us to resolve issues objectively.
* **Pace yourself on a macro scale**. We've talked about the Podomoro technique for small work sessions, but what about in the monthly or quarterly period? Many software teams get burnt out on projects, especially when success seems dry and the delivery of the project travels away faster than you can work. Part of the reason for this bleakness is the quality of our work. You must take care of yourself, get ample sleep, and constantly evaluate yourself to ensure you are performing at your best. If one of these falters, you risk burning out. We've all pulled an all-nighter (or multiple all-nighters) for a deadline. In CSX Labs we are trying to change that.
* **Set boundaries**. You must protect your own time. As teammates, we always will try to respect each other's time, though when it comes to crunch time we tend to stop considering other people's outside responsibilities by nature. Set predictable working hours when you'll be online and reachable and wait on messages outside your working hours until the next morning. Set your policy. For example, my policy is that I will be reachable from 9am-5pm Monday-Friday with a one-hour lunch in between. I may work outside those hours, though people don't expect to get ahold of me at those times.
* **Be ambitious**. At CSX Labs, we follow Google's framework and philosophy for goals, which is to set goals that are just out of reach. How much we achieve from those goals is more of an indication of how we are goal-setting rather than our performance. In a good period, we should achieve around 60-70% of the goals we set. Remember the fact that we are in a unique situation, and are trying to get to the top of the research landscape, making an impossible impact. Strive for excellence.
___
I look forward to seeing you grow in this position. Thank you for your time,

\- Adam Blumenfeld, CEO at CSX Labs.